chore(memory): promote strong-fit forms-and-reports drafts from memory-pipeline for review (#122)
medic/cht-agent: agent-memory/domains/forms-and-reports/issues/8826-feat8681-support-requiring-countdown-timer-fields.md

## Solution

Migrated the countdown-timer widget to apply to 'trigger' question types, which support 'required: yes'. When the timer completes, the widget checks the trigger's OK radio button, satisfying the required constraint; otherwise the user gets a 'This field is required' message if they try to bypass it. The checked OK value can gate subsequent questions. Custom timer durations are now configured via a new instance::cht:duration XLSForm column: generate-xform.js gained a generic `cht:*` passthrough (`setChtAttributes`) that re-reads the namespaced attributes off the source XForm's instance nodes — which the XSLT transform drops — and stamps them onto the rendered question element as `data-cht-*`, so the widget reads `$wrapper.attr('data-cht-duration')`. medic.less was adjusted for the new markup.

## Code Patterns

> Custom Enketo widget targeting a specific question/input type in countdown-widget.js; separation of animation concerns into webapp/src/js/enketo/lib/timer-animation.js; custom XLSForm attribute passthrough handled in api/src/services/generate-xform.js, with fixture-based round-trip tests under api/tests/mocha/services/xforms/custom-attributes/. Note the two notations: authors write the XLSForm column `instance::cht:duration`, which exists only inside the `.xlsx` workbook, and generation renders it into the XForm as the `cht:duration` attribute — that second form is the one present in the tree.

Reviewer: **suggestion (non-blocking):** The "two notations" sentence points the conversion at the wrong tool and
stops one notation short. `generate-xform.js` does not render XLSForm into XForm; the
XLSForm-to-XForm step happens upstream (pyxform, via cht-conf). What `generate-xform.js` does is the
opposite direction: `getChtAttributeEntries` (`:128-131`) reads `cht:*` attributes off the XForm
instance and stamps them onto the rendered HTML as `data-cht-*`. That third notation,
`data-cht-duration`, is the one that actually greps in webapp source.

```suggestion
Custom Enketo widget targeting a specific question/input type in countdown-widget.js; separation of animation concerns into webapp/src/js/enketo/lib/timer-animation.js; custom attribute passthrough handled in api/src/services/generate-xform.js, with fixture-based round-trip tests under api/tests/mocha/services/xforms/custom-attributes/. Note the three notations: authors write the XLSForm column `instance::cht:duration`, which exists only inside the `.xlsx` workbook; the XLSForm-to-XForm conversion (pyxform, via cht-conf) renders it as the `cht:duration` attribute on the form instance; and generate-xform.js stamps that onto the rendered HTML as `data-cht-duration` (`getChtAttributeEntries`, `:128-131`) — the form that greps in webapp source.
```
